here the enemies if we are here to try the
new purchase of IRC knows it is
this
this vaporizer will therefore not have
we'll also look at how it works
well and here we have to put the water is
little water is the vaporizer arrives
only now in the house of the urs
but it is a tool that the experience there
has proved essential because with the
nebulizer we can use
essential oils
I am here with thyme kendo essential oil
like you iannolo and the iniil linalool that
last few years that my linalool type
this in france i had to take it to
what is the linalool and the thymus trio
notable to look for if you use it
the market has been the suggestion of
my method if he uses it research means
which is a thing well studied, however, this one
Once I give this also embarked
now I want you run down a
look for look for
so I give you the prompt then friends
eight goals are too many
five drops five things I should have
put me mom my lovely ke of hours
then with books or stick to
computer does not get there
or we attack it, the plug gets there
I'm here and if you did it before
I walked this trouble here usually
idiot we always have to do this
here is good
the two fantastic ones we already see now
a bit of sticking it to the grips of
current but she closes it v
on the one after the shower or that is on
also watch show so I smoke myself
the essential oils of milan that smoke
the team hire him in smoke linalool that
they are very important places for one
pathology so you can also pull the
track for which it reports having so
you can also pull the essential oil of
cumin what we buy from
macrolibrarsi can be put here
vaporized not show friends
start using these ancient practices
are closer to the truth does little smoke
for now I look at it just that yes
scatters in having less because yes
turn off both off
I do another cycle of cycles understood
friends the video ends here I had the
renal colic
I had renal colic because I have
started using rosemary herbal tea
has now discovered that
in ancient times they used it to do
to have an abortion in short to have an abortion now
i am here i got caught in the
spaccasassi I make myself a liter of
spaccasassi and starting today
take this let's see if I can put it
the puck
go on like this and we're doing the team
eleonora we have trained a lot in Italy
and we make ourselves a half liter of juice
green as you see has a color really
green closer to my color in the south and
to the color of his name the usual mine
they are redder because lately it is
been seen that the cruciferous women are missing
My favorite are the many and I
They are moved to the cargo green foliage
bad shot green llama here either
lots of parsley, lots of beetroot
many chicory and all the leaflets
greens that are around slams mind
its juices and co lewis them less
if you have but a 20 percent then here on the
half liter
the delicious because i will get to know
language is unbearable
indeed suspended work because he had
paolo recommended and the item charges why
I had tried it was unbearable that
he had to buy your own bought it
32 euros
the one that cost less damage
so we showed the new one
purchase of the vaporizer for
essential oils
Then each of you feels his oils
essential essential oils such as
herbs are a whole world to discover
very, very, very interesting
we are there to get we are dedicating
precisely these at the expense of nature
among medical herbs and oils
essential events there is relationship with the
nature
not a bad libido team
it was nice from the circac we have the
splits the dacia barbino classes
we already have there
having in value for essentials and
let's proceed with the detox